add more details about realm definition (#191)
decentraland/adr: content/ADR-110-realm-description.md

A `realm` is a set of services needed for the client to work: current there is comms, content and lambdas. A valid realm is pointed by a URL defining `/about` endpoint in the proper format, which describes the realm and its status.

### Usage

> Realms are used by the Explorer [ADR-102](/adr/ADR-102) to setup and configure each browsing session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Realms are used by the Explorer [ADR-102](/adr/ADR-102) to set up and configure each browsing session.
```

Canonically, a realm can be selected by executing the `/changerealm <baseUrl>` command in the chat.

Examples:

- `/changerealm peer.decentraland.org`
- `/changerealm https://worlds-content-server.decentraland.org/world/menduz.dcl.eth`

Other mechanisms may be available to resolve realm baseUrl out of a string, like the ENS resolution defined at [ADR-144](/ard/ADR-144)

## /about

> This endpoint must return the well-known schema defined [in the protocol repository](https://github.com/decentraland/protocol/blob/main/bff/http-endpoints.proto):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This endpoint must return the well-known schema defined [in the protocol repository](https://github.com/decentraland/protocol/blob/main/proto/decentraland/bff/http_endpoints.proto):
```

    "protocol": "v3",
    "commitHash": "b3ec3327ceef53473853068dcdad8ea08d7a0f9c"
  },
  "bff": {
    "healthy": true,
    "commitHash": "1a2ff915a216191ecc6ef85f3822f0809fe16f3c",
    "userCount": 4,
    "protocolVersion": "1.0_0",
    "publicUrl": "/bff"
  },
  "acceptingUsers": true
}
```

Example https://worlds-content-server.decentraland.org/world/menduz.dcl.eth/about:

```json
{
  "healthy": true,
  "configurations": {
    "networkId": 1,
    "globalScenesUrn": [],
    "scenesUrn": [
      "urn:decentraland:entity:bafkreihiv5zkzjui46gvxtsnk5pfogmq7kyzijxpf3gjqlb2ivydcuwgxq?baseUrl=https://worlds-content-server.decentraland.org/contents/"
    ],
    "minimap": {
      "enabled": false
    },
    "skybox": {},
    "realmName": "menduz.dcl.eth"
  },
  "content": {
    "healthy": true,
    "publicUrl": "https://peer.decentraland.org/content"
  },
  "lambdas": {
    "healthy": true,
    "publicUrl": "https://peer.decentraland.org/lambdas"
  },
  "comms": {
    "healthy": true,
    "protocol": "v3",
    "fixedAdapter": "signed-login:https://worlds-content-server.decentraland.org/get-comms-adapter/world-prd-menduz.dcl.eth"
  },
  "acceptingUsers": true
}
```

## Health property

> `healthy: boolean` is used to inform whether the realm is in healthy state, the endpoint must return a http status 200, otherwise it should return 503. This way just by checking the response http status, a client looking for a realm to connect may decide to connect or not to the realm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`healthy: boolean` is used to inform whether the realm is in a healthy state, the endpoint must return an HTTP status of 200, otherwise it should return 503. This way just by checking the response HTTP status, a client looking for a realm to connect may decide whether to join or not the realm.
```

    },
    "skybox": {},
    "realmName": "menduz.dcl.eth"
  },
  "content": {
    "healthy": true,
    "publicUrl": "https://peer.decentraland.org/content"
  },
  "lambdas": {
    "healthy": true,
    "publicUrl": "https://peer.decentraland.org/lambdas"
  },
  "comms": {
    "healthy": true,
    "protocol": "v3",
    "fixedAdapter": "signed-login:https://worlds-content-server.decentraland.org/get-comms-adapter/world-prd-menduz.dcl.eth"
  },
  "acceptingUsers": true
}
```

## Health property

`healthy: boolean` is used to inform whether the realm is in healthy state, the endpoint must return a http status 200, otherwise it should return 503. This way just by checking the response http status, a client looking for a realm to connect may decide to connect or not to the realm.

The `healthy` field in the root of the structure) will be true only if all the referenced services are `healthy`.

## Accepting users property

`acceptingUsers: boolean` is used to inform whether is accepting new users. It differs from `healthy` in conditions like "maximum communications capacity" or "high server load".

## Configurations section

Describes explorer-specific configurations.

> - `realmName?: string` is used to set a human readable name for the realm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `realmName?: string` is used to set a human-readable name for the realm
```

- `networkId?: uint` defines the EVM network id in which this realm is configured, defaults to `1`

> - `globalScenesUrn?: string[]` declares which global scenes should be loaded by default on the realm. This is used to show custom "in-world" UIs or to enable cross-scene mechanics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `globalScenesUrn?: string[]` declares which global scenes should be loaded by default on the realm. This is used for showing custom "in-world" UIs or for enabling cross-scene mechanics.
```

- `scenesUrn?: string[]` declares the list of scenes to be loaded. This feature enables World realms [ADR-111](/adr/ADR-111)
- `minimap?: {enabled: boolean, dataImage: string, estateImage: string}` configures the minimap of the explorer
- `skybox?: {fixedHour: float}` configures the skybox hour
- `cityLoaderContentServer?: string` defines the baseUrl to enable genesis-city-like scene loading. It uses the endpoint /entities/active to fetch the scenes around the user. Defaults to `https://peer.decentraland.org/content`. If null and `scenesUrn` are provided, then city-loading behaviors will be disabled. <todo>City loading ADR is pending</todo>

## Comms section

Describes the communications services parameters and connection information.

When `protocol: "v3"` is currently the only valid and implemented version of comms.

> - When `fixedAdapter` is provided, it means the client will connect to the provided adapter, there is no clustering process involved. The available adapters can be found at [ADR-180](/adr/ADR-180)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Providing `fixedAdapter` means the client will connect to the given adapter, and no clustering process is involved. The available adapters can be found at [ADR-180](/adr/ADR-180)
```

  ```json
  {
    "comms": {
      "healthy": true,
      "protocol": "v3",
      "fixedAdapter": "ws-room:mini-comms.decentraland.org/rooms/test-room"
    }
  }
  ```

> - If no `fixedAdapter` is provided, this means the client will negotiate through the BFF to join a cluster. For details about this check [ADR-70](adr/ADR-70)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If no `fixedAdapter` is provided, the client will negotiate through the BFF to join a cluster. For details about this check [ADR-70](adr/ADR-70)
```
